uris-with-issues.md, before:

# http://harth.org/andreas/hotel.jsonld

from https://elias.kaerle.com/annotating-a-hotel-offering-rooms-with-the-new-schema-org-version-3-1/

but https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool shows the JSON-LD?

# https://json-ld.org/playground/

With activated plugin leads to problems (see above)

# http://vocab.org/open/terms.rdf

Needs HTML-escape of literals

# URIs with &

Probably also needs HTML-escape of & in URIs

# https://www.w3.org/2000/10/swap/list#

Does not parse...

# http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/

works, but not http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/Observation.

# http://www.ontologydesignpatterns.org/ont/dul/DUL.owl#Event

does not render Turtle, server provides file as "text/xml".

Maybe have a button to send a "shame-ping" to a list of incorrectly served RDF files?

# https://www.kanzaki.com/info/webwho.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://philarcher.org/foaf.rdf#me

But rapper parses the document fine?

# https://danbri.org/foaf.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# https://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/card

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://epub.wu.ac.at/cgi/export/eprint/7193/RDFXML/epubwu-eprint-7193.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/account

Some prefixes are not correctly recorded, e.g., @prefix comment: <rdfs:comment> .

# http://sw.opencyc.org/concept/Mx4rv0Uvz5wpEbGdrcN5Y29ycA

Times out?

# http://www-cdr.stanford.edu/~petrie/foaf.rdf#me

Invalid URI?

# http://www.ivan-herman.net/foaf.rdf#me

Creates a blank node NaN?

Commit message:

Add suggestions in case of error

uris-with-issues.md, after:

Suggestion: give users the possibility to see the raw payload returned by the server (in case of error but also in normal cases).

# http://harth.org/andreas/hotel.jsonld

from https://elias.kaerle.com/annotating-a-hotel-offering-rooms-with-the-new-schema-org-version-3-1/

but https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool shows the JSON-LD?

# https://json-ld.org/playground/

With activated plugin leads to problems (see above)

# https://www.w3.org/Data/demos/chunks/patterns.html

Same as above. Suggestion: detect XHR requests and do not modify resulting documents (probably used in background tasks and never displayed). 

# http://vocab.org/open/terms.rdf

Needs HTML-escape of literals

# URIs with &

Probably also needs HTML-escape of & in URIs

# https://www.w3.org/2000/10/swap/list#

Does not parse...

# http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/

works, but not http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/Observation.

# http://www.ontologydesignpatterns.org/ont/dul/DUL.owl#Event

does not render Turtle, server provides file as "text/xml".

Maybe have a button to send a "shame-ping" to a list of incorrectly served RDF files?

# https://www.kanzaki.com/info/webwho.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://philarcher.org/foaf.rdf#me

But rapper parses the document fine?

# https://danbri.org/foaf.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# https://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/card

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://epub.wu.ac.at/cgi/export/eprint/7193/RDFXML/epubwu-eprint-7193.rdf

But rapper parses the document fine?

# http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/account

Some prefixes are not correctly recorded, e.g., @prefix comment: <rdfs:comment> .

# http://sw.opencyc.org/concept/Mx4rv0Uvz5wpEbGdrcN5Y29ycA

Times out?

# http://www-cdr.stanford.edu/~petrie/foaf.rdf#me

Invalid URI?

# http://www.ivan-herman.net/foaf.rdf#me

Creates a blank node NaN?
